1.2 Spatial Distribution of Trajectories. Cumulative Mixed Effects Model

In order to identify the cumulative mixed-effects model that best explains the distribution of trajectories 
in the 5 prototypes, we followed a process similar to that described above for the mixed-effects models of the MAD indices.

First, we determined the structure of the fixed effects. To achieve this, we created various models by altering the structure 
of the fixed effects, Congruence and Task, while keeping the random effects unaltered. This led to a total of 3 models. 
We subsequently calculated the AIC indices for each model and selected the most fit model. Model 1 (clm1_FE; AIC = 14660),
that considered Congruence, Task and their interaction as fixed effects.

Second, we chose the structure of the random effects that best fit our data. To achieve this, we designed all possible models, 
25 in total, always keeping the fixed effects of congruence, task and their interaction. In this instance, none of the models 
exhibited any issues in terms of fit. Therefore, rather than gradually selecting the best model based on their complexity, 
we calculated the AIC values for each one, subsequently opting for the best fit - in this case, model 22 (MRE_22; AIC = 14649). 
This particular model takes into account both the participants and the interaction between congruency and task with the stimuli
as random effects.

Finally, we compared the two resulting models using likelihood ratio tests and Akaike's information criterion, AIC.
Likelihood ratio tests revealed significant differences between models 22 and 1 (X2 (5) = 21.047, p < 0.0005), 
with a better fit of the first (MRE_22: AIC = 14649; MFE_1: AIC = 14660). Taken together, these results indicate that the model
that best explains the distribution of trajectories among the 5 prototypes is model 22, including Congruence, Task and their 
interaction as fixed effects and participants, stimuli and the interaction of the latter with Congruence and Task as random effects.

